Added the asynchronous way of retrieving ui components from the registry (#8383)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/ui_comp_guide/concepts/ui_comp_uiregistry.md

require('uiRegistry').get(function(component){console.log(component.name)});
```

> ### Asynchronous way of retrieving UI components from the registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Asynchronous method of retrieving UI components from the registry
```

{:.bs-callout-info}

> This way is **Recommended**, for the good performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the **recommended** method for best performance.
```
